- Who are you? What are you doing here?
- Name's Adam.
The president sent me.
I'm your new partner.
A domestic employee of the White House
entered the presidential bedroom
and attacked the First Lady.
He's got a gun!
…thanks to the quick reaction
of Agent Chelsea Arrington
for her heroism.
FLOTUS thought he was armed.
but there was no indication of a weapon.
No.
- How does Chelsea seem to you?
- Fine.
I think the incident
created a strain on her.
Why don't we have them over for dinner?
Just the four of us.
as a way of saying thank you?
The main donor to your super PAC
was linked to funding
the LFS terrorist attack on Pima 12.
I will find out their identity.
You're making a mistake.
Do you think Lansing
was talking to the donor?
I think it was a proxy. The senator
seemed to be taking direction from him.
- You know who it is. don't you?
- I have a theory.
Would you care to share it with me?
I don't know the guy's name.
Just trying to get one step closer.
I'm not letting you screw me on this.
I'm not trying to.
I'm not letting you or anyone
take this away from me.
Come on! Go!
- Shit.
- What?
The brakes are cut. Hold on!
Give me your phone.
Go.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
One more moment. sir.
The perimeter is almost clear.
Appreciate the detour. And sorry again
to throw you guys a curveball.
It's not a problem. sir.
Any idea how long you'll be. sir?
Theo's asking.
which means your wife's asking.
Not long. Tell her to. uh. vamp
for a little while. Keep the crowd warm.
Copy. She'll love that.
If you think this means
I'm gonna call you "sir" now.
you can forget it.
All due respect. sir.
cut the shit.
It's good to see you. Richie.
It's been a long time.
- You too. buddy.
- I almost missed you.
Getting sentimental in your old age?
You're lucky you got your posse here.
'cause I can still kick your ass
if I need to.
- Can we talk in private?
- You tell me.
All clear.
We'll be outside if you need us. sir.
Thanks. Patterson.
No heavy artillery stashed anywhere. huh?
Surprised. That's not like you.
Maybe I can hide
better than your dogs can seek.
That said. I was under the impression
no one knew where this place was.
including presidents.
Yeah. well. as luck would have it.
a lot of new information
has come across my desk recently.
Like the fact that
my old commanding officer
spent 12 years
doing paramilitary operations for the CIA.
Well. it was need-to-know.
and your ass didn't need to know.
All right. I get it. but I know now.
Okay. so I'm guessing this is a job offer.
so I'm gonna stop you there.
- No.
- No?
No. I spent nearly 20 years
kicking down doors for Uncle Sam.
I wasn't forced out.
It was time. I made my peace with it.
You sure? Your résumé…
"Impressive" would be an understatement.
Oh. you think that's why I did it?
To impress knucklehead presidents?
You could've commissioned
as a second lieutenant.
Instead. you enlisted and chose infantry
because you didn't think
that you deserved anyone's respect
unless you started at the bottom
with the rest of us grunts.
It's why the boys never gave you shit
after you mustanged.
We knew you couldn't buy
that kind of integrity. or fake it.
So you're my shrink now.
Why are you dead set on turning this down
before you hear what I'm asking?
You remember what I used to tell you?
Generals question so we don't have to.
We take the answers we're given.
Yeah. well. now it's me
the generals question.
Look… what I'm trying to say is that
the deeper that I get into this job.
the more I learn. the more…
I fear.
I could use a friend around me.
I appreciate it. I do.
But. uh. White House shit. no. man.
No. I'd be bored out of my skull.
Trust me.
what I'm talking about isn't that.
Oh. good timing. Hot off the presses.
- Where are we?
- Safe. I own this place.
What happened?
He saved our lives.
You didn't tell me you had a partner.
You okay?
Better. as long as I'm awake.
All I see is Senator Lansing
getting shot right in front of me.
Sounds like you two
had a real one yesterday.
Yeah.
Imagine my relief
hearing you didn't kill the senator.
Well. there's a hell of an investigation
going on now.
People wanna know what happened.
What's the last thing you remember?
The car wreck.
We were in the woods.
There was a shooter. Right?
- You get him?
- I winged him.
He ran off. You get a good look at him?
It was blurry. but if I saw him again.
I'd definitely remember him.
Do you think it's the same guy
from Vernon's house?
Like. he followed us?
Maybe. yeah.
- Oh shit.
- Easy. You're probably concussed.
No. dude. our stuff.
We left it at the lodge.
Relax. I took care of it.
I swept the room. It's clean.
You're welcome. by the way.
Adam thinks he found
a useful connection in the SARs.
maybe a way for us to put it all together.
Let's hope so.
But Peter and I. we gotta debrief. right?
Fancy a walk? Get your bearings?
Thank you.
Probably should've told you earlier. but…
Ask it.
How'd you know where I was?
I tailed you
from the minute we left the diner.
- I never saw you.
- Yeah?
And you're trained to. right? Fancy that.
Why'd you follow me?
The president doesn't know
what you're up to.
which is. uh… It's kind of funny
when you think about it.
Night Action.
conducting the country's
most sensitive investigations.
comprised of only the president's
most trusted intelligence officers
keeping the kinds of secrets
that can tear this country apart
if they came to light.
In the middle of that is an agent
the president doesn't know
if he can trust.
someone who claims to be.
uh. integral to the mission's success.
That's…
funny.
Wish it wasn't me. Trust me.
You wanna tell me
how you got yourself in that position?
You're asking if I'm compromised?
If The Broker owns me?
We had nothing. Adam.
Nothing.
No leads. no hope.
And Foxglove. the chemical weapon.
it was still out there.
We didn't know what
they were gonna do with it.
We didn't know who their targets were.
We knew nothing.
But he knew. and I got him to tell me.
Let's just say that intel wasn't free.
Sacrificial lamb. Hmm?
All right.
And you think this Broker guy.
he did Pima 12?
Jay finds a financial link to the attack.
and then this guy snatches him
two weeks later?
It's not a coincidence.
Now look. I'm the only one
who's seen this Broker face-to-face.
Hold on.
I'm the only one
who's dealt with him directly.
Everything that's happened. all of it…
it's on me.
No. it is. I need to fix it.
That is one way to look at it. yeah.
You know. when I was in the army.
one of our Special Forces ODAs
out on patrol
chased a target into the village.
They got themselves pinned down.
And instead of waiting
for backup from the QRF.
they decided to maneuver on their own.
And five men lost their lives
over that call.
Senseless deaths. all due to impatience.
Moral of the story?
Support exists for a reason.
Teams exist for a reason.
And ignoring that fact
only puts more lives at risk.
I don't give a fuck
if it was your fault or not.
That still doesn't mean it's on you alone.
'Cause that is not how things get done
in this line of work.
You wanna know why
I agreed to be a night agent?
'Cause when Hagan looked me in the eye
and he told me he needed my help
exercising better judgment.
I knew exactly what that meant.
'Cause these are not easy decisions
we have to make.
You do it as a team.
- Wait. so you knew Hagan?
- Yeah.
Before this?
Since basic.
So when he asks something of me.
I take it seriously.
And this week. he asked me to report back
not only on the status of this mission.
but also on the character
of the agent assigned to it.
What's your assessment?
Eh. I'll let you know when I make it.
Fair enough.
Okay. What do we do now?
Oh. no. this is still your op.
I'm not here to take that from you.
Chain of command. that is sacred.
So. what do you wanna do now?
You stay here. I won't be long.
I don't understand.
Why aren't you just going to a hospital?
It's just a bad scratch.
Tree branch got me.
You know what I always say
about being self-reliant. right?
"If you can fix a problem on your own.
it's best not to burden others."
That's right. And people need to rely
on doctors and nurses
for real emergencies if they need help.
I can patch myself up.
This is what I get for not being mindful
of my surroundings.
- You understand?
- Yes.
Good.
Now. you stay here
and read your book until I get back.
Okay?
Every shell company that had a transaction
that lined up with the LFS crypto wallet
was incorporated
in the state of New Jersey
by the same registered agent. Adele Morse.
- We should talk to her.
- Already did.
Turns out she was paid to look
the other way by an Atlantic City casino.
Seaside Palace.
owned by a guy named. uh. David Hutson.
No way.
You know him? That name sounds familiar.
David Hutson's the guy
that Lansing went to talk to
that night that I followed him.
There. I knew I knew that name.
David Hutson.
co-founder of Heroes In Healing.
charity for injured veterans.
Care to fill me in?
Yeah. that's Lansing's biggest
campaign contributor.
It also showed up in Jay's SARs.
It's gotta be him.
That's the guy Lansing was protecting.
He's the one funding Raúl Zapata.
The Broker operates through proxies.
If this guy manages the money. we get
The Broker's entire financial network.
Whatever you're gonna do. do it quickly.
Because Hutson's private jet
just filed a flight plan.
He's planning on leaving
the country today.
Let's get to the casino. then.
Find anything we can to piece
this together before Hutson disappears.
All right. I'll get us geared up.
Hey. we'll drop you someplace safe
until we get this guy.
Just get a new phone
so we can keep in touch. okay?
- I'll be fine.
- Isabel.
Just drop me off at work.
The sooner I finish the story.
the sooner this all comes to light.
That's when we'll all be safe.
Okay.
- Chelsea Arrington.
- Hey. back off!
You're Chelsea Arrington
with the Secret Service.
- I said back off!
- You killed my brother.
I saw the press conference.
Brian was my brother.
He took care of his family.
He had a wife and kids.
- I'm aware.
- Then why'd you kill him?
- What are you trying to cover up?
- Nothing.
He'd never do those things
you accused him of.
He loved his job. He wouldn't hurt a fly.
Tell me what really happened.
Please.
Look. there… there's nothing more
I can say. Okay?
He attacked the First Lady.
He did.
No. you're lying.
I'm not. I saw it.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
He was innocent!
That was all. He didn't follow from there.
but he knew exactly who I was.
thanks to that press conference.
Damn it.
POTUS knows better
than to put an agent in that situation.
Look. Benny's out sick today.
Why don't you take monitors?
Take it a bit easier.
I'd rather help
with the investigation. sir.
It's not on protective detail to do that.
Still. if I'm gonna be at a desk all day.
let me put my energy to use.
They learn anything yet?
Just some weird deposits
in his bank statements.
The last one was
the day before the attack.
The investigation is ongoing.
If there's something. they'll find it.
Can I at least take a look?
I mean. if anything. my time on FLOTUS's
detail could provide useful context.
And best case. I find something
helpful for her protection.
Fine. I'll get you a copy.
But anything you dig up.
it comes straight back to me.
Understood.
Yeah. copy that. Will do.
So. what's the move?
Mosley gave us approval to collect
any intel directly connected to Hutson.
but only Hutson.
So let's go in. blend in. look around.
see if we can find something
that points us to where he is.
But if we get caught.
Mosley says he doesn't know us.
Oh. I've heard that before.
Bosses usually mean it.
Hey. You okay?
Yeah.
- Yeah. my head is just…
- Let's get you somewhere quiet.
- Take a seat. Come on.
- I… I'm fine.
I don't mind you lying to yourself.
I'd appreciate you not lying to me.
- Just take a seat and take a breath.
- We don't have time for this.
Hey. getting yourself killed over the job
is not gonna help anybody. believe me.
I've known a lot of people over the years
who thought it would.
There was a time
when I thought the same thing too.
and in the end.
that is what sealed it for me.
I had to leave.
- So why'd you come back?
- Honestly?
Man. I love the work.
I was lying to myself.
thinking I wouldn't miss it.
What was I gonna do anyway. right?
A man needs a purpose.
You have a family?
No. I wanted to but never got that lucky.
Tell you what though. being a man
with no purpose besides his job
surely helped me understand
how a person can end up like that.
See. a gambler. they can justify any loss
if they believe they still have time
to make it back.
Now. you and me. we do the same thing.
We just call it work ethic.
That bad feeling doesn't hit you
till you find yourself out of time.
and then you think about the life
you could've had
if you'd just made different choices.
- Why are you telling me all this. Adam?
- Kept you in your seat. didn't it?
Afternoon. gentlemen.
Looks like you could use some company.
- I--
- Live a little.
Pay the man. Let's go.
Twenty-five a hand.
What do you see?
Nothing. Nothing. Isabel was right.
- About what?
- This operation.
Any one of these people
could walk in here with a bunch of cash.
lose it on purpose
to fund a terrorist organization.
Fourteen.
Twenty-four. Bust.
- Eight.
- Come on.
Seventeen.
Nine. Nineteen.
Better luck next time.
All right. let me ask you something. Uh…
You know. it feels kind of dead in here.
Is there a busy hour?
We do our best to cater to locals.
but most of our action comes from
sports betting at the horse track.
All the high rollers go
through the owner's lounge
just to rub shoulders with the boss.
The owner's lounge?
Is. uh… Is the boss here right now?
Never misses a race.
We'll split up. Go comms-on for this.
If Hutson is really at the racetrack.
this might be our only opportunity
to get to his personal office.
- Ever used one of those before?
- Yeah. Well. maybe.
Just gotta remind me
which side the bagel goes in.
Just connect it to his computer.
and we'll be able to completely clone it.
- That mean you're going after him?
- Yeah. I got his cell phone number.
If I can get close enough.
I can remotely clone it.
At the very least mirror it long enough
to get something useful. Let's go.
Let me know when you got eyes.
Just give me a second.
Yeah. I see him. He's with his wife.
Doesn't look like
he's getting ready to flee the country.
Good.
Keep him there.
Bluetooth exploit is connected.
It's downloading now. but it's gonna
take me a second at this range.
Can you get any closer?
Not really.
You in the office yet?
Impatience kills.
Yeah. but sometimes it can save your ass.
Oh. hey. Do you mind if I…
- Oh yeah.
- Yeah. yeah.
Oh. seriously?
- Watch what you're doing!
- My bad.
I got something for that.
I'll dab you down.
- I'll dab you down.
- I got it. man!
It's gonna stain. I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. man. I-- That's…
- Everything okay over there?
- It's just business as usual.
You notice anything about the kind
of security they got in this place?
Other than the venue security. looks like
Hutson has his own team in play.
Wonderful.
Looks like they're back here too.
- What's that tell you?
- Things can get ugly pretty quick.
This isn't working. I gotta get closer.
- It's taking too long.
- All right. careful.
We definitely can't outgun them.
Back hallway clear. Copy.
Can I help you. sir?
Yeah. Uh. I'm just waiting on a friend.
The tables are reserved.
but you're more than welcome
to wait at the bar.
Sorry.
Shit.
Impatience kills.
I'm in the office.
Computer's copying.
Something's up.
- You get the phone?
- Not yet. It's taking too long.
But I can see his texts.
I think he's headed your way.
Then we got nothing. You gotta stall him.
Yeah. you can just leave it on my desk.
I'll get to it after my break.
Yeah. give me about an hour.
Gonna lose him. Adam.
What's your status?
I can't. Just get out of there. now.
Shit.
Hey. excuse me. Mr. Hutson. Sorry.
I don't wanna take up
too much of your time.
I just. uh… I wanted to say. your work
with Heroes In Healing. your charity?
Look. my brother. he was a veteran
who was injured. um. on active duty.
The road to recovery
has been really hard. and. um…
I just…
Look. what-- Sorry.
What I'm trying to say is that
your work. your charity's work.
my family really appreciates it.
And I know my brother appreciates it.
And I just wanted to say. uh…
I wanted to say thank you.
Uh. what's his name?
Your brother.
Solomon.
His name's. uh. Solomon.
Well. you give. uh. Solomon my best.
And thank him for his service.
Yeah. of cour-- Uh. thank you. thank you.
Yeah. Sorry.
Adam. I got the phone.
Forget the computer.
Just get out of there.
He's headed to you with security.
- I keep you waiting too long?
- Actually. you did.
- How come?
- Some asshole wasting my time.
Hmm.
Well. I hope you used it
to think how you'll make it up to me.
Actually…
you were all I could think about.
Wish I could take you with me.
Well. you'll just have to make
this one count then. won't you?
Seriously?
Just give me… Just give me a minute.
That's not helping. Adam.
I'm gonna try something.
Hold on.
…015-1443.
…1443.
2…
Thought you should see this.
I just tried something.
I mean. it's… it's a Hail Mary.
but if this doesn't work.
then I got nothing. man.
I know you are with Mary.
Get up here right now!
It worked. Get out now.
Oh shit.
What's wrong?
I'll call you later.
This one's taken.
Security!
Shit.
Oh shit!
Fuck it.
- That's him!
- Oh shit.
Hey. Adam.
Everything okay? What's going on?
You there?
- Yeah. yeah. You good?
- I'm gonna need an assist.
I just bought myself some space.
but they'll be calling backup.
Where? Where are you?
Couldn't get back through the front.
I'm headed to the stables.
Stables.
Hey!
Stop!
Down on the ground.
Drop the object.
Hands wide.
- Don't move or this gets worse.
- You're the boss.
- Hey. you good?
- I've been better.
Okay.
We got no visual
on him in the east hallway.
Oh. jeez!
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
So what was going on in that office?
I'll tell you when you're older.
- What's the update?
- We didn't exactly get caught.
- But…
- Tell me it wasn't a shitshow.
We cloned his phone and his computer.
Complete copies.
He didn't catch us.
but he knows something's up.
If this spooked him.
we could lose our window.
I don't think it can wait till we're back.
Send everything here. I'll have the techs
go through it immediately.
It's on the way.
Let's hope that was worth it.
Hey.
I am so sorry. I heard what happened.
You gotta believe. the last--
I know the press conference
wasn't your idea.
Just following shitty orders.
Still. I know you're the one
with the gun and all.
and you could probably kick my ass.
but I should be protecting you.
I don't want my job
to get in the way of us.
It won't happen again.
I'm fine.
You still wanna go to that dinner. right?
Like. this could be huge for us.
Yeah. I'm just trying
to figure out what to wear
and how to pretend
like there's nothing going on.
What do you mean?
They told you to put my name out there.
Put the spotlight on me.
Did it ever make you wonder why?
Look. they wanted to show
their appreciation.
You are a hero.
There's a lot of weirdness around this.
Patterson's letting me help
with the investigation.
and I'm seeing things
that don't make sense.
Contradictions.
What if she's hiding something?
What if she's not?
No. this could all just be
a misunderstanding. right?
Theo. I really need you
on my side for this. okay?
I am. I…
I always am. I'm sorry. Uh…
Whatever it is.
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
How about the black dress?
Not too formal?
I mean. I'm basically engaged
to Lady James Bond.
You can pull it off.
Okay. we're gonna unpack that later.
Yeah. I love you.
Hey.
I know that was scary.
and you were very brave.
How about an extra hour of video games?
Oh. okay.
Put these on
so you don't bother the neighbors.
I'm gonna make
a few work calls. all right?
Okay.
Oh jeez.
To this day. he likes to pretend
that he was not nervous.
Because that's not what happened.
He denies it. but I've got the receipts.
Well. that is the secret
to being president.
Deny everything.
He wore this blue oxford I picked out as
a birthday gift for him the year before.
He knew I loved how it looked on him.
so he wore it
to stack the deck in his favor.
But when I tell you that
by the time he got down on one knee.
it was pools of sweat.
She's exaggerating.
His armpits and his collar and his back--
It completely ruined the shirt.
It's unwearable now.
Oh. that you laugh at. huh?
Presidential humiliation?
I am the commander-in-chief
of the military.
I have the nuclear codes.
Oh. won't happen again. sir.
That settles the centuries-old debate
of whether or not Secret Service agents
have a sense of humor.
Oh. are you kidding? Chelsea's a riot
when she's not solving mysteries.
Oh. what do you mean?
Nothing.
No. don't be shy. It's serious dedication.
Ever since the whole thing-- What--
Sorry.
Oh. it's okay.
You don't have to dance around it
on my account.
After all. this dinner
is a thank you for what you did.
Is there news?
No. I've just offered
to help with the investigation.
Um. it's typically a different division
that handles that.
but I figure the more I'm in the loop.
the better protection I can provide.
See? Dedication.
I wish I could offer some help.
I recognized the guy
from the kitchen staff.
but he never seemed off to me.
Yeah. same.
I mean. we spoke briefly
from time to time in passing.
but nothing significant.
A friendly hello here and there.
but I think that was it.
Yeah. well. don't worry about it.
Um. didn't mean to darken the mood.
No.
I'll be right back. Ladies' room.
I am gonna eat this dessert…
What are you doing in here?
- Everything okay?
- Yeah. I just…
I just needed to stand
in this space again. I'm sorry. I…
I just can't help thinking
what could I have done differently
so that we'd have more answers.
When I read about what you did
at Camp David. I. uh…
I knew you were a cut above the rest.
The number of lives
that you saved that day…
Exercising that kind of judgment
under pressure.
it doesn't come easy to most.
So don't beat yourself up
for acting on instinct.
Your instinct saves lives.
Who knows what this guy would've done
if he was given the chance?
That's why I insisted on keeping you
on my family's detail in the first place.
I needed someone like you protecting
what I value most in this world.
And what do you know?
It's already paid off tenfold.
- How is she?
- Hmm.
Stronger than me. that's for sure.
Back to dinner. then?
- You ever relax?
- It shouldn't be taking this long. Adam.
Uh. yeah. Deputy Director?
We got him. David Hutson.
Or should I say Diego Morales?
He was arrested
on the tarmac this evening.
So Hutson's an alias?
Been living in the country
under a fake identity for over a decade.
Building political connections.
greasing palms. exerting influence.
And Senator Lansing wasn't
the only politician he was friendly with.
How's that possible?
You show up with enough money.
people don't care where it came from.
only how it can help them.
DHS confirmed he's had past ties
to Raúl Zapata himself.
corroborated by the data
gathered from his phone and computer.
We got him on money laundering
and conspiracy to finance terrorism.
All off the evidence
you two brought in today.
Excellent job.
Yeah. great. What about the. uh.
The Broker? Is there a connection there?
Well. that's the bad news.
Nothing in the evidence currently suggests
any involvement with your white whale.
That can't be right.
They've gotta be working together.
Thanks to the accounting records
you recovered.
we found some of the same
shell companies from the SARs
hidden in their expense reports.
All phony invoices.
but a direct line of money
flowing from the casino to every one
of the companies who funded the attack.
It's all there in black and white.
Yeah. but that doesn't mean
The Broker still can't be behind it.
Can we interrogate Hutson?
Get him to talk?
He lawyered up pretty quickly.
so it's up to a federal prosecutor.
Doesn't mean it's a dead end.
Just gonna take time.
Great. Tell that to Jay.
I'm not closing the Night Action.
You just need to find another way to get
him and find Jay. More when I have it.
He's not wrong. you know.
It's one battle. not the war.
but. uh. we had a win today.
Yeah. so why doesn't it feel like it?
Because you keep moving
the goalposts on yourself.
Take a beat.
We'll attack this again tomorrow.
I gotta check in with Hagan.
- What are you gonna tell him?
- The truth.
That you're a dedicated agent
who puts his job first.
and we're lucky to have you on our side.
But you need a fucking vacation.
See you later.
Eh.
Thanks. Dani.
Are you finding the living quarters
to your liking?
If I said no. would that change anything?
What did you wanna see me about?
You couldn't possibly
have finished already.
No. uh. actually. it's something else.
Um. the crypto wallet
that the LFS was using.
I didn't pay it much attention
the last couple days.
but when I looked at it again today
to see if I'd missed anything.
I found that there's been several
new deposits made this week.
- Just like before.
- And?
You gotta understand.
this wallet was dormant for years
until I found those transactions
that matched it to the SARs.
And then two weeks later.
they shot a plane out of the sky.
So if they're moving more money in now.
then that means…
- They're planning something else.
- Yeah.
If the timeline of the deposit
matches the first attack.
then we got less than a week
before whatever it is happens.
That went well. right?
I feel like that went well.
It's like we're actually
in the First Family's social circle.
Babe?
Give me a sec. There's something
I need to follow up on for work
that I forgot about until just now.
You're still working?
It's the dedication you love so much.
- I'll be right in.
- All right.
- Chelsea?
- Peter. hey. You got a second?
Uh. yeah. Yeah. what's up?
This is gonna sound weird.
but the other day
when you asked me about the Hagans.
you said. "when nobody's watching."
What did you mean by that?
It was just something
I was working on. It was nothing.
Okay. what are you working on?
I can't really tell you.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Yeah. the…
Why'd you call me. Chelsea?
I think there's something weird going on
with the president and First Lady.
And… I really shouldn't be saying
anything about this either.
but I think maybe you're the only person
I can really talk to about this.
I'm listening.
I'm wondering if what you're working on
is connected to what's going on here.
Hey. I saw the arrest on the news.
I'm just finishing up writing my--
Hey. can you meet? Now?
What's wrong?
Nothing with the casino
points to The Broker that I'm after.
What broker?
The guy that I've been chasing.
The… the guy who took Jay.
Nothing with the casino evidence
is gonna help us get close to him.
So. we need to go back through everything.
We missed something.
We did go over everything.
Every company Jay flagged
for funding terrorism was accounted for.
What about the company Corepoint Dynamics?
Does that sound familiar to you?
Yeah. what about it?
Tonight. I got a call from a friend
of mine in the Secret Service
who said a shell company
called Corepoint Dynamics
has been making reoccurring payments
to the guy that attacked the First Lady.
We missed something big.
Okay. meet me at my office.
Take a look at these names
and see if anything jumps out at you.
What is all this?
A couple years back. I started
investigating this web of businesses
that were all wrapped up
in this weird management structure.
Some looked legit. others not so much.
But it all seemed to exist
for the sole purpose
of deliberately hiding what the businesses
were for and who owned them.
So they were covering something up?
Not just something. everything.
It was all so intentionally convoluted.
there was no way
to tell what they were hiding.
I got nowhere. and then a few days ago.
one of the companies shows up
in a suspicious activity report
handed to me by Jay.
The company wasn't linked
to the crypto wallet.
so I thought it was completely unrelated.
No. this is definitely the company
that paid for the White House attacker.
- Who owns it?
- That's the thing. There's no way to tell.
Corepoint is just one company.
One cell in a series LLC.
owned by an anonymous trust.
Nobody goes through all that
unless they need to be certain
their name will never be attached to it.
Why was the original SAR filed again?
Suspicious wire transfer.
"Transaction with no apparent
economic business or lawful purpose."
So why didn't the bank
do anything about it?
All a bank has to do is file a SAR
and their hands are clean.
no matter how much
dirty money runs through it.
It's FinCEN's job to investigate it.
Unless somebody at FinCEN
gets paid to kill the investigation.
Jay's boss.
No way.
What?
KinCare Trust. A year ago. when we were
first looking into The Broker.
this company name kept showing up.
We tried to look into it.
but it dissolved overnight.
If this is all the same guy.
like you're saying. this is The Broker.
This is him.
This is who has Jay.
Okay.
I have a source that might be able
to shed some light on this.
- Who?
- A contact from a while ago.
He won't speak on the record.
but he's helped me ID
a few things in the past.
It's not too late.
I can head over there now.
- Do you want me to go with you?
- No. That would spook him.
He knows me. He trusts me.
I need to speak with him alone.
Okay. You sure?
Yeah. I'll fill you in tomorrow.
All right.
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- Mm-hmm.
Be safe. please.
That sounds good.
Yeah. let's stay on it.
see how it develops?
All right. great.
Thanks. Adam. Appreciate it.
Good news?
Yes. Going over a few details
on the LFS case with Adam.
but. uh. so far so good.
That's great. I mean. an arrest
this quickly. that's great for you.
Sounds like this might be related
to Senator Lansing's death.
- It's turning into quite the rabbit hole.
- Related as in not a hunting accident?
Mm-hmm.
You think the LFS
is responsible for that too?
Maybe.
If Zapata's targeting elected officials.
maybe Kimbal's right
and we should escalate.
No.
We'll know more soon.
I'm not gonna jump the gun
and be the president
who started another pointless war.
What are you working on?
I'm just going over the donor list
for this year's charity event.
Which reminds me.
I see Jacob Monroe's name.
This investigation into him.
I mean. is it really that bad?
He's been a major donor for years.
The resources he's brought us.
- If I take him off--
- Honey. honey. listen. Listen.
The investigation into him
and the one into the terrorist attack
are currently one and the same.
What?
I didn't wanna say anything
'cause I didn't wanna worry you.
And what are you saying now?
I'm saying that man and his money
might very well be wrapped up
in financing the LFS.
So until my guys on the ground
tell me otherwise. absolutely no contact.
You and I both need to forget
that he ever existed.
He has never been anything more
than a forgettable face in the crowd.
Do you understand?
Of course.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm